ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL "THE INVINCIBLES"
FROM YUEWEN GROUP QIDIAN WEBSITE
AUTHOR: GUN KAI
MARTIAL MASTER OF THE TEN CORNERS
Boy,
In the next episode, you will die.
Who will lose first?
We'll know after we hit "continue."
Episode 5
XIANGQU
MINORS ARE PREFERRED
ACCOMPANIED BY PARENTS WHILE LOOKING
It is difficult to remove this name after
riding a tiger... Oh, no.
It's hard to get off after riding this bird.
Xiaowei!
Die!
Xiao Wei, catch it!
It turns out that you can use your own strength.
killing the Black Mad Monster.
Brother Wei,
she is still young and talented.
Luckily, Brother Wei intervened.
Otherwise this time
We will suffer serious injuries.
Young Master of our Escort Agency
It is true that one does not choose the wrong person.
Thank you so much.
But,
I'm definitely not safe.
Why say like that?
We should
who owes you a debt of gratitude.
This crazy black monster
missing for some time.
It's not unexpected these days
increasingly rampant.
Luckily you are there.
It doesn't matter,
Chief Guard Chen.
Now we must return immediately.
to camp.
Tonight you have to be more alert.
We will leave after dawn.
Good.
CHANGFENG TOWN
Further ahead is Changfeng Village.
The place is between Feiye City and the Fortress.
Hong family, and does not belong to any party.
Our things this time
Delivered inside.
head guard Chen,
Is that Mount Shaoyang?
Bodyguard Chen's boss?
Just a barren mountain.
Walk fast.
If you successfully ship the merchandise
safely, we can rest assured.
We have sent it successfully
Problem-free products.
Today I will invite you to have a drink.
If you talk about Changfeng Village,
This Changfeng restaurant
the most famous.
Inside there are delicious dishes.
which is called Three Voices.
it feels delicious
until you feel it on the tip of your tongue.
Thank you, Chief Guard Chen.
Every time you incur costs.
We will not hesitate anymore.
Xiao Wei, are you coming?
Sorry, Chief Bodyguard Chen.
First I want to go try my luck.
in the desert.
Who knows, maybe you'll manage to hunt down a foreign monster.
I'll meet you later.
Are you going alone?
Xiao Wei was not afraid
with the Black Crazy Monster.
What do you have to fear this morning?
I'll be careful.
Xiao Wei rarely came
to the desert.
It is natural to be interested in new things.
Within a 16 kilometer radius it is still safe.
However, don't go to Mount Shaoyang.
That place is so strange.
There is always a lack of people
mysteriously out there.
SHAOYANG MOUNTAIN FOREST
BRANCH OF THE CULT OF THE XIANGQU ALTAR
It turned out to be on Mount Shaoyang.
there is a temple.
Maybe they have met
father and mother.
These days the slaves are spent
quite.
The mining mission has been [ __ ].
We have to ask the Seven Families Alliance.
Send new slaves as soon as possible.
I heard that woman was murdered
Followers of the Xiangqu cult in Feiye City.
So this problem of sending slaves
delayed.
Xiangqu Cult?
This matter cannot be said.
We'll finish it quickly.
This place is really unfortunate.
You say,
Will the woman attack?
Our Altar of Punishment?
Why do you need to be afraid?
The strength of our cult leader is very great,
and bless all his followers.
The Head of the Altar in this Altar of Punishment
He is the most student
the Cult Head was proud.
As long as he and the Protector are,
It will definitely make the woman
He will not return safely.
Father and mother will definitely be fine.
Xiangqu Cult,
You deserve to die!
Protective.
my cute insect
why are you anxious?
[ __ ] women!
How brave of you to come here.
Bad!
This aura...
Take it.
It doesn't matter dead or alive.
Good.
You can not scape!
Just trusting yourself?
Grab it!
Luckily the Head of the Altar was wise enough.
She gave me the smelly bug.
This time it has been a great contribution.
That person seems normal
but it carries a fragrance
Black writing bug.
He must be the partner of that [__] woman.
I'll kill you!
It would be really bad if this continued.
Die!
My eyes!
This bastard attacked
silently with stone ash.
It really hurts!
Come out if you dare!
You... You're not coming here!
Where is that [ __ ] colleague?
He is there!
I can't let this guy go!
Let me see what other tricks you have up your sleeve.
Just you two.
I'll kill you!
[__]!
Forgive me!
YO...
I still don't want to die.
because there are many of you
That's why you dare to oppress.
This is a big crime.
I have to protect myself.
If you want to die, you are the one who dies!
Boxing...
Huishan.
Hui Shan?
This...
I take it as payment
Why do you want to kill me.
It was unexpected that the Xiangqu Cult was so rich.
This time the stone dust came in handy again.
When you get home later,
I had to add more stone dust.
It turns out that Chen Biao is
people of the Xiangqu Cult.
Xiangqu Cult.
Today I, Wei He, swear it.
The revenge of the father and mother must be avenged.
Later,
I will destroy this nest!
ALTAR HEAD OF THE XIANGQU CULT
TRIPLE GRANDMASTER OF VITAL AND BLOOD ENERGY
Only small shrimp.
There is no need to think too much.
That woman
just a big problem.
I asked the cult leader for help.
Will send experts from the worship center.
As long as that woman is eradicated,
other
It is not a problem.
Wise Altarmaster.
Lately,
Hong Family Fort
send people to meet.
It seems that they also want to work together.
with the Xiangqu Cult.
Seven Families Alliance and Hong Family Stronghold
come find our worship.
From both sides
ought
she can get the most benefit.
Jiang Donggui and Hong Daoyuan
He is not a fool.
If you want to benefit from both,
it definitely won't happen in the end
get anything.
Information comes from the cult center.
Strong Ya Hong Family
cooperate secretly
with that woman.
Impossible!
But,
How do you think that woman could
Did you find followers in Feiye City?
Now,
only tied to
Only the Seven Families Alliance,
Only then can Feiye City be completely created.
in the territory of our Cult.
HONG FAMILY PAGE
Young master,
The Xiangqu Cult rejected our invitation.
If you choose the wrong side,
although there is the possibility of separating
It's also impossible not to get involved.
Subtitle by Kingcastillo, thank you for faithfully watching